52
Randall "Morning, Jules!"
Julie "Morning, Rands!"
Randall "Carol, too! Glad you could make it."
Carol "An early start is no obstacle for me, Randall."
Julie "Wish I could say the same...man, am I glad my alarm is loud."
Julie "But it looks like you've been up for a while."
Randall "Yeah, had trouble sleeping last night. What else is new?"
Randall "Couldn't stop thinking about my arrangement. Eventually gave up and fixed everything that was bugging me."
Randall "Your new sheet music is here. Enjoy."
Julie "..."
Julie "I don't see anything different."
Randall "No, see? I changed the dynamics in a lot of places. There's a crescendo now at that bit in the chorus, right? And I changed that one mezzo piano to a mezzo forte, and I wrote in the key change properly this time-"
Carol "Ah, I see."
Julie "...that's it? You reprinted our parts for that?"
Julie "Here I thought you'd gone and completely redone the arrangement, or something. Isn't this what pencils are for?"
Randall "It makes me feel better, okay?"
Randall "Oh, hey, another person! Yo, Tani!"
Tani "Hi...*yawn*...mornin'."
Tani "You three look up and at 'em."
Randall "You know it! Can't rest until our performance is polished as a pearl from Portugal!"
Tani "...polished as a...what?"
Randall "You heard me."
Tani "Aaaand how many shots of espresso have you had this morning?"
Randall "Four! The cafe down on the ground level is free for competitors! You just gotta show 'em your key card."
Julie "What? No way! I have to see this!"
Tani "No! Don't encourage him!"
Nikolai "Hey. Someone said there was espresso?"
Julie "Yeah, downstairs. Wanna check it out?"
Nikolai "Yes. Take me with you."
Julie "Cici, come on! We're off on a coffee adventure!"
Carol "Coffee has never touched my synthetic taste buds before. This will be a learning experience!"
Randall "Oh, come on...guys! We were going to rehearse! That's why we're up this early!"
Tani "Come on, Rands, loosen up a little. We've got all week. Fifteen minutes won't hurt anything."
Randall "Yeah, I know, I...fine."
Tani "Whatever happened to us just singing together for fun? Before this whole competition, before we even thought of the name 'Star Crossing' for us?"
Tani "The Randall I'm looking at right now is one who's stressed, on edge. Maybe he should take a deep breath and channel the Randall he used to be."
Randall "..."
Randall "..."
Randall "Jeez, my hands are jittery. This is alarming."
Tani "Maybe Randall shouldn't have had four espressos."
Randall "Would you please stop it with the third person thing?"
Tani "Ah, there's the smile I was looking for."
Randall "Heh. Really, thanks. I'll try to keep calm. And thank you, for looking out for me."
Tani "It's what I do."
Tani "I guess I'll head downstairs and see what the fuss is about. Keep an eye on the kiddos and all that."
Randall "I'll come with you."
Tani "You are forbidden from coming with me, Mr. Already-Had-Four-Espressos."
Randall "What, and you'd leave me all by myself up here? I'll get so lonely."
Randall "And more importantly, bored."
Tani "Oh, fine, come along. But I'm watching you."
Randall "Yay! You're the best, Tani."
Tani "...thank you."