hotel-hallway
null
Lounge - Nikolai & Carol
Practice Room - Nikolai & Julie
Cafe - Randall & Tani

hotel-lounge
10
Carol "Good morning, Nikolai!"
Nikolai "Aagh! You startled me!"
Carol "Oh, I am sorry. I did not mean to frighten you."
Nikolai "You didn't FRIGHTEN me, it's just..."
Nikolai "...maybe...you do frighten me. A little."
Carol "What was that? I could not hear you."
Nikolai "Nothing. Leave me alone."
Carol "I...okay."
Carol "I have always found it strange how Nikolai never likes talking to me...do robots make him that uncomfortable?"
Carol "I suppose I am not human enough yet...no matter how hard I try..."

practice-room
11
Nikolai "Mornin'."
Julie "Oh, Nikolai, hey! Didn't expect to run into you."
Nikolai "Mm."
Julie "Is something bothering you?"
Nikolai "Nothing, I was just...thinking about me. Y'know, how I...changed."
Julie "Your cybernetic parts?"
Nikolai "Shh!"
Nikolai "I don't want to be reminded. I wish I WASN'T thinking about it!"
Julie "What's wrong with it? I mean, you know me and how excited I get about electronics, but even with that in mind, I really don't think that's anything to be ashamed of--"
Nikolai "Forget it. Talking to you was a terrible idea."
Julie "I...what? Fine. Jeez."

cafe-day
13
Tani "Are you regularly going to be down here early?"
Randall "Oh, you know me. When I get excited for something, I like being prepared. I've been down here for a while already."
Tani "It, um, doesn't look like you've been doing much preparing in that time."
Randall "And by 'been down here for a while already,' I mean I showed up and got comfy and started daydreaming."
Randall "Hey, how high do you think Carol can sing?"
Tani "Come again?"
Randall "I'm wondering if we could start giving her descants, instead of leaving Julie to take them all the time."
Tani "Were you...daydreaming about Carol's vocal range?"
Randall "Maybe."
Tani "I...have no idea. I can't say robotics or anything like that is ever on my mind. Even with Nikolai's condition...it just doesn't crop up in my brain."
Randall "Huh. I mean, I don't know much about electronics either, but I can't help but be fascinated with how far robotics have come in emulating art."
Randall "Like, Carol can sing! And Carol sounds damn good! Does it not boggle the mind?"
Tani "If you say so."